Expand lambda IAM guidance (#588)
kgateway-dev/kgateway.dev: assets/docs/pages/traffic-management/destination-types/backends/lambda/creds-secret.md

Use {{< reuse "/docs/snippets/kgateway.md" >}} to route traffic requests directly to an [Amazon Web Services (AWS) Lambda](https://aws.amazon.com/lambda/resources/) function.

Note that this guide uses a Kubernetes secret that contains **long-lived IAM user access keys** (prefixed `AKIA`), not temporary STS/SSO credentials, which can cause failures with signature errors. To use AWS IAM roles to control access instead, see [Access AWS Lambda with a service account]({{< link-hextra path="/traffic-management/destination-types/backends/lambda/service-accounts/" >}}).

## Before you begin

{{< reuse "docs/snippets/prereq.md" >}}

## Create an AWS credentials secret

Create a Kubernetes secret that contains your AWS access key and secret key. You must use a long-lived IAM user access keys (prefixed `AKIA`), not temporary STS/SSO credentials. {{< reuse "/docs/snippets/kgateway-capital.md" >}} uses this secret to connect to AWS Lambda for authentication and function invocation.

1. Save the AWS account and region that your Lambda instance exists in as environment variables.
   ```sh
   export REGION=<us-east-1>
   export ACCOUNT_ID=<account_id>
   ````

> 2. Save your IAM user access key (prefixed `AKIA...`) and secret key as environment variables. Make sure that `AWS_SESSION_TOKEN` is **not** set.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Save your IAM user access key (prefixed `AKIA...`) and secret key as environment variables. Make sure that the `AWS_SESSION_TOKEN` is **not** set.
```

   ```bash
   export AWS_ACCESS_KEY_ID="<AKIA-access-key>"
   export AWS_SECRET_ACCESS_KEY="<secret-key>"
   ```

>    If you do not have a long-lived IAM user access keypair, you can create one for your IAM user.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   If you do not have a long-lived IAM user access key pair, you can create one for your IAM user.
```
